Add PKCE support (#658)
oauthjs/node-oauth2-server: CHANGELOG.md

* BREAKING: Remove support for node v4
* new: Added revoke-handler to revoke access token
* new: Added implicit grant flow

> * new: Switch from jshint to eslin
> * fix: authorization_code grant should not be required in implicit flowt

Reviewer: might be typo,
```suggestion
* new: Switch from jshint to eslint
* fix: authorization_code grant should not be required in implicit flow
```
